I gotta get goin'
a friend of mine
he's just Pooh Bear
chasin' some honeybees
I know he's out there
we're so adventurous
and again
and there's nobody home
to count on a friend
Winnie the Pooh Bear
take me, please?
I got to be there
Winnie the Pooh
Come on. This way.
Come along, Piglet.
Oh, dear.
If only six very small animals
didn't have such
very short legs.
Hurry, Piglet.
No time to be brave.
Oh, no. Where can we go?
What can we do?
How can we hide?
Terrifying, isn't it?
Christopher Robin:
Quick, under here.
Too late. It's found us.
- It's the mummy!
Christopher Robin,
could you please come out
and eat your vegetables?
Aw, Mom.
Carrots are so-- so yucky.
True. But they're
very good for you.
And we did have a deal,
which is you finish
your vegetables
and you can go to the movies.
You gotta
bite the carrot, kiddo.
All right.
Carrots, do your worst.
Yecch!
Oh, Christopher Robin,
speak to us.
Ooh, what a brave,
brave thing.
All right, stand back.
Stand back.
Give the kid some air.
Mom: Well, you'd better
not stay down there
enjoying your lunch
too long.
You'll miss
your monster movie.
Monster movie?
I thought we were going
to see a c-c-cartoon.
It certainly has
a nice s-smile,
hasn't it?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Yikes! Ooh! Ooh!
Remember, Piglet,
it's only a movie.
It's only a movie.
It's only a m-m-movie.
It--
What is it, Pooh?
Hey, look, your guys.
Refresh-a-ments.
Wait here, Piglet.
I'll be right back.
Oh, boy. I hope
those guys hurry.
We don't want to miss
the part of the movie
where the monster
eats the whole city.
The whole c-c-city?
Oh, uh, perhaps we should
move to the country.
Nah. It wouldn't matter.
Sometimes movie monsters
eat whole countries
and spit out the pits.
They d-d-do?
Oh, no!
Ooh!
Hey, guys,
here's all the stuff--
Lose your popcorn, kid?
I'm real sorry, Mr. Usher.
This is a movie theater,
not a playground.
Understand?
Yes, sir.
Oh, boy.
They call that a monster?
spider!
Oh, bother.
Where have my
honey crunch bars gone to?
Here, candy, candy, candy.
Oh, Pooh, let me help you.
Help! P-P-Pooh!
The spider's
going to get me!
Oh! Me!
Spider web!
Oh, there you are, Piglet.
Hold tight.
You'll be free as me
in a jiffy.
- Whoops.
- Aah!
Eee!
Both: Christopher Robin!
Now how'd you two get
so icky-sticky with gum?
Oh. You mean
it wasn't the spider?
Ah, Piglet,
the spider's not real.
It's only a movie.
Hey, Pooh boy,
let's change places
so I can see your
half of the movie.
Maybe it's scarier.
All right, Tigger.
Whaah!
Yeee!
Popcorn, Piglet?
Piglet?
Piglet,
why are you swimming
in the popcorn?
I don't mean to complain,
but I'm afraid I'm scared.
Oh, don't worry, Piglet.
Popcorn can't hurt you.
Oh, no, Pooh.
It's the big monsters.
I, uh, well...
th-they don't like me.
Aw.
Birdzilla? That big spider?
Are they bothering you?
Why, they're the saddest
excuses for monsters
that ever was.
Why, they're nothing.
They ain't even real.
They're n-not real?
Ha ha ha! Of course not,
buddy boy.
They're only shadows
on the screen.
Hoo hoo hoo hoo!
Tigger: Well, I once
saw a monster pillage
a house, a block,
an entire village.
He ate until
he reached his fillage,
but me, I stood right there.
I've seen them
90 stories high.
Seen ones that swim
and some that fly.
But I never flinched
when they stomped by
don't get scared
Tigger: It's just a light
that shines real bright
and bounces off a screen.
to be scared
with you
Piglet: But what
about the usher?
Pooh:
Oh, don't worry, Piglet.
He's not in the movie.
I've seen them rip,
I've seen them tear.
I've seen them throw
things through the air.
But I stood by without a care
'cause Tiggers
don't get scared.
It's just a bunch
of movie tricks
to make you think
this thing exists.
Tigger: A piece of film
is all it is.
There's really nothing there.
all right
make-believe
It's just a light
that shines real bright
and bounces off a screen.
No need a be scared
when a Tigger--
Or Pooh.
And don't forget
Christopher Robin, too.
are here with you
See you in
the Hundred Acre Woods!
Hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo!
Oh, boy. That was great!
Hey, you guys,
remember that big spider?
Hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo!
Yeah. And Birdzilla.
Raah! Raah! Raahr! Raah!
Hey, let's make
our own monster movie,
a really scary one.
S-S-Scarier
than the one we--
-- just saw?
Aw, it'll be
our movie, Piglet.
There's nothing
to be scared of.
,
as long as it's only a movie.
Christopher Robin,
are you sure heroes always
wear white scarves?
They do in the movies,
Pooh Bear.
The white scarf
makes them heroes.
Oof!
You may be the hero
in this picture,
buddy bear, ha ha,
but I'm gonna be the monster.
And, uh, and, uh,
w-what sort of monster
might that be, Tigger?
Ha ha ha ha! I'm not telling.
It would ruin the surprise.
Well, TTFN: ta-ta for now.
Hoo hoo hoo hoo!
Christopher Robin,
may I play the part
of the very small animal
who...hides under his bed?
But we need you.
Don't we, Pooh?
That's right.
You have a part that's
even more important
than--
than Tigger's monster.
I do?
Yes, Piglet.
Although it's not quite
as important as the hero.
It's still very important.
Really?
Oh, what is it, Pooh?
Uh, what is it,
Christopher Robin?
You, Piglet,
are the one who gets
chased by the monster.
Oh, d-d-dear.
Oh, boy!
Just wait till those
guys get a load of this.
It'll be so scary,
people will come
from miles around
just to run away.
Mm-mm-mm!
Behold the ultimate terror,
the ugliest, scariest
thing in the world.
A Vegebibble!
Hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo!
Mm.
Ah.
So tasty.
Hey, what'cha doing, Rabbit?
Ha ha. I wasn't eating it.
Honest. I love my carrots.
I won't ever do it again.
I won't ever do it--
Say, what's the matter,
Rabbit?
It's only me-- Tigger--
T-I-double Guh-Er.
That spells "Tigger."
That-- That's Tigger's voice!
Aah!
The giant carrot's
eaten Tigger!
- Whooh!
- No. I'll show you.
Hey, the zipper is stuck.
Rabbit, will you--
No, no, come back!
Hey, help me
out of this thing!
Hey!
And...action.
Oh, help.
I will save you.
That's great.
All right, Piglet,
now you run from the monster.
Uh, Christopher Robin,
what monster?
Help!
Monster!
- Hey! My film.
- Help!
Monster!
Orange Tigger! Giant Carrot!
But, Rabbit, Tigger
doesn't even like carrots.
- Aah!
Aah!
-
Hi, guys.
Say, can somebody
give me a hand?
It's only a movie.
A monster!
Oh, come on. Somebody
help me out of this thing.
Pooh Bear.
Piglet?
Hey, where'd everybody go?
Tigger: Hellooo!
Rabbit: Quick, this way.
Oof!
In here. Hide.
Tigger: Hey!
Where are you guys?
Oof!
Hellooo!
Come on, guys, please!
I need help!
Hellooo!
Uh, P-P-Pooh,
couldn't we do
something for Tigger?
Piglet--
you're right.
Think, think. Think.
All right, now remember,
when the carrot comes,
you'll frighten him into
the hole with the cymbals.
What?
You'll scare the carrot
into the hole!
Okay, okay. Ne need to yell.
And, uh, what shall I do
with this honey pot, Pooh?
When the carrot
falls into the hole,
you'll pour the honey
all over it.
Not too much, of course.
And then I'll save Tigger
with this.
Ooh, good idea,
buddy boy,
but it won't do much
with a stuck zipper.
Ooh! The monster!
Uh, Pooh Bear, how
am I supposed to know
when to scare it? I can't
hear a thing, Pooh Bear.
Come on, Pooh boy,
quit fooling around.
I'm stuck! You got to get me
out of here! Help!
The honey, Piglet!
Use the honey!
Piglet!
Help!
Someone save Pooh!
I don't want honey!
I want to get out of here!
- That's my tail.
Piglet: What did you say?
Help! Help!
Oh, my.
It's not moving.
Good. Let's bury it
before it wakes up.
Hey! You're getting
my costume all dirty.
Costume?
C-C-Costume?
Yeah.
It was my scary costume
for Christopher Robin's
movie.
Why--
Why, so it is.
It's only a costume.
Oh ho ho!
You see, Piglet?
It wasn't a monster. It w--
Oh.
Piglet?
Why, Piglet, what's wrong?
Oh, nothing, Pooh.
You're a hero.
You-- You saved us.
--
I was too scared to help you.
Oh, we were
all scared, Piglet.
But it's all right now.
No, Pooh. When I thought
you were in danger,
I couldn't even help you.
No one needs a friend
who's always afraid.
It's only a costume,
and I let it scare me.
Piglet!
Are you home?
I brought you
a cheering up present:
my hero scarf.
Thank you, Pooh,
but-- --
I'm no hero.
But Christopher Robin
said
this scarf would
make you a hero.
Remember?
No, Pooh. Not only
am I a very small animal,
I'm a worthless, no-good,
can't-even-save-my-best-friend
type of animal.
You don't want to be
friends with a fraidy cat.
Goodbye, Pooh Bear.
Oh, my poor friend Piglet.
I shall have to get
Christopher Robin's advice
for cheering him up.
It was only a costume,
after all.
Help!
Oh, help!
Help, Piglet! Help!
Pooh Bear!
Piglet! Piglet! Piglet!
Whoa!
Tigger! Rabbit!
Christopher Robin!
The Hero Scarf.
I'll save you, Pooh Bear!
Whoops.
Oh, d-d-dear.
If you wouldn't mind
terribly, M-M-Mr. Monster,
could you please let go
of my best friend Pooh?
Whoa!
Piglet. You saved me.
I did?
Yes, Piglet.
You're a real hero.
I am?
Oh, yes.
Just wait till everyone
hears about this.
Raah!
Christopher Robin:
Psst. Pooh, you're on.
Oh, help. Oh, help.
Oh, help!
I'll save you, Pooh.
Now, Mr. Monster,
you leave my friend alone.
I ain't never dressing up
in anything bigger
than myself again.
Hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo!
- Hooray!
Hooray for Piglet!
Splendid.
Oh, my. Wonderful!
Hurray!
Here's a real hero.
Ah, it was only a movie.
Well...
I suppose we don't have to be
afraid of carrots anymore.
Not after
the brave thing Piglet did.
Yeah, but Mom's got
a freezer full of broccoli
waiting to invade
tomorrow's dinner.
Uh, Christopher Robin,
if it's all the same
to you,
could we skip dinner--
--
and have breakfast instead?
Silly old bear.